---
layout: post
title:  "六级作文范例"
date:   2016-06-15 20:10:13 +0800
categories: cet
tags:
- cet6
---

## ** 六级作文范例 **
>All from: hjenglish.com

## （一）谨慎对待网络言论
>如今网络日渐发达，有问题，问知乎，问度娘，人们对网络媒体的依赖感越来越重，然而我们就这么信以为真了？对于网络的有些信息我们是不是还是要谨慎处理？

### Being Cautious about Online Comments and Speech
** As is shown in the carton, people are often aroused with the feeling of anger or sympathy in this new media age when abundant information just swells within sight. The picture vividly reveals that modern people tend to receive and believe what they get from the media and then react to it directly. **

** From my perspective, one should think twice upon receiving online comments and speech. To start with, online information could be ungrounded and fictitious just to impress and catch attention. For instance, rumors go around that a celebrity couple is expecting a baby. What's more, reports online could be one-sided, that is to say, they are providing incomplete information and seeing things from one angle. In this way, it is hard for the audience to judge right from wrong, especially when the public opinions lean towards one side. **

** As an old saying goes, "Better don't read if you believe everything you read." Likewise, one should make his own judgement based on real facts and experience in the era of information explosion. **


## （二）勇于面对挑战
> For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on facing challenges by referring to the saying “you cannot change what you refuse to confront.”You can give examples to illustrate your point and then explain how you will react to challenges in your life. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.

### We Should Face Challenges Bravely
** Life itself consists of a series of challenges, whether large or small. When faced with these challenges, we should knock them back with the attitude that “you cannot change what you refuse to confront.” **

** Thomas Edison is a good case in point to illustrate the importance of facing challenges with perseverance. He had done a lot of experiments before the first long-lasting light bulb came into being. Among those experiments, there were thousands times of failure. If he had chosen to give up, he wouldn’t have brought so many revolutionary inventions to the world. His life is the best evidence to prove that accepting challenges and triumphing over difficulties are what life is all about. **

** As for myself, I still remember the first time I learned to ride a bicycle when I was eight. My father kept his hands on the back of the bicycle to help me. I often fell to the ground when he let it go. It was painful but after I tried again and again I finally made it. Life resembles the process of mountain climbing. People who avoid challenges and take the easy route will gradually descend into the valleys. So we need to keep on climbing despite the twists and turns, until we eventually conquer the highest mountain and see the most beautiful view. **


## （三）问问题的重要性
>For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay commenting on the saying "He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever." You can cite examples to illustrate your point of view. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.

### The Importance of Asking Questions
** Nowadays, it is common to see that people are active in showing their understanding of things. But when it comes to something that they are not familiar with, seldom do they reveal the ignorance. In fact, they are just afraid of looking like fools. **

** As far as I am concerned, coming up with a question is not necessarily a negative sign. To begin with, people don't have a question when they don't study at all, which means they are not thinking and just letting the days slip by. Another case is that people are actually pondering over some questions that they cannot find answers on their own. However, they choose to keep these questions in the dark for fear that someone else might know their weak points. In this way, they lose the motivation to think about and put forward questions day by day. **

** In brief, there is no need to hold back from asking questions. Just as the saying goes, "He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever." **

## （四）盗版现象
>You should write a short essay entitled Say No to Pirated Products.Suppose you are going to prepare a gift for your mother's birthday. What gift would you like to choose and why?

### Say No to Pirated Products
** Today, piracy problem is increasing strikingly in China. Besides books, any products, like tapes, CDs and software can be copied. **

** It has been well known that due to piracy legitimate producers, inventors and authors have suffered losses in many ways. At first, pirated copies often cost much less than the original ones. As a result, they can enjoy a considerable price advantage despite the poor quality. Compared with pirated products, the original ones sell poorly. **

** Secondly, because of poor quality, the authors' reputation as well as the publishers' is greatly hurt. Moreover, pirated products may also have negative impacts on customers provided that those legitimate producers' enthusiasm is greatly hurt. The problem will evolve into a vicious cycle. **

** In my opinion, the government should launch more anti-piracy campaigns and strengthen supervision to further clean up the book, video and software markets. Besides, as customers, we should raise our awareness on how to use legal products as well. Only in this way, I think, can we bring an end to piracy. **

## （五）富裕是人生的唯一目标嘛？
>For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay based on the picture below. You should focus on the impact of money worship on people's way of life. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.

### Is Becoming Rich the Only Goal of Life?
** As the saying goes, "Money makes the mare go." Living in the contemporary society, more and more people are becoming money-oriented whether voluntarily or reluctantly. Sometimes, they should be reminded that becoming rich is not the only purpose of life. **

** If one spends all his life pursuing nothing but money, he might live in a big house and drive a luxury car when he gets old. However, a person's material need is within limits. One cannot live in two houses and drive two cars at the same time. Neither should one take in two persons' amount of food. Besides, people's desire and ambition to make money could be infinite. More of money doesn't always make us happier. More of Money tends to make us used to that money and desirous of having even more of that. **

** Therefore, we should look around and find other goals of life. For example, one can live a meaningful life by discovering his gift and making the best of it. One can also live a happy life by making more friends and building a joyful family.  **


 ## Proverb May be needed

Actions speak louder than words.事实胜于雄辩

All is not gold that glitters.发光的未必都是金子

All roads lead to Rome.条条大路通罗马

A good beginning is half done.良好的开端是成功的一半

Every advantage has its disadvantage有利必有弊

A miss is as good as a mile.失之毫厘，差之千里

Failure is the mother of success.失败是成功之母

Industry is the parent of success.勤奋是成功之母

It is never too old to learn.活到老，学到老

Knowledge is power.知识就是力量

Nothing in the world is difficult for one who sets his mind to it.世上无难事，只怕有心人

Practice makes perfect. 熟能生巧。

God helps those who help themselves. 天助自助者。

Easier said than done. 说起来容易做起来难。

Where there is a will,there is a way. 有志者事竟成。

Slow and steady wins the race. 稳扎稳打无往而不胜。

A fall into the pit,a gain in your wit. 吃一堑，长一智。

Experience is the mother of wisdom. 实践出真知。

All work and no play makes jack a dull boy. 只工作不休息，聪明孩子也变傻。

Beauty without virtue is a rose without fragrance. 无德之美犹如没有香味的玫瑰，徒有其表。

More hasty,less speed. 欲速则不达。

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. 千里之行始于足下。

Look before you leap. 三思而后行。

Rome was not built in a day. 伟业非一日之功。

Great minds think alike. 英雄所见略同。

It is hard to please all. 众口难调。

Out of sight,out of mind. 眼不见，心不念。

Call back white and white back. 颠倒黑白。

First things first. 凡事有轻重缓急。

Ill news travels fast. 坏事传千里。

A friend in need is a friend indeed. 患难见真情。

Live not to eat,but eat to live. 活着不是为了吃饭，吃饭为了活着。

Action speaks louder than words. 行动胜过语言。

East or west,home is the best. 金窝银窝不如自家草窝。

It’s not the gay coat that makes the gentleman. 君子在德不在衣。

Beauty will buy no beef. 漂亮不能当饭吃。

Like and like make good friends. 趣味相投。

The older, the wiser. 姜是老的辣。

Do as Romans do in Rome. 入乡随俗。

An idle youth,a needy age. 少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。

As the tree,so the fruit. 种瓜得瓜，种豆得豆。

To live is to learn,to learn is to better live. 活着为了学习，学习为了更好的活着。


## 翻译预测
>汉语热指近年来越来越多的外国人开始学习汉语的现象。在很多国家，学汉语的人数在迅速增长。据统计，全世界已有109个国家、3000多所高等学校开设了汉语课程。一项调查显示，他们学习汉语的主要目的是去中国旅游、从事贸易活动、了解中国和中国文化。汉语热背后的原因是中国经济的飞速发展，它使中国的国际地位和影响力得到了提升。全球“汉语热”传达了世界各国人民渴望了解中国文化的信息。

** Chinese language `craze` refers to the phenomenon that a growing number of foreigners start to learn Chinese. The number of Chinese learners increases rapidly in many countries. `According to statistics`, more than 3000 institutions of higher education in 109 countries are offering courses on Chinese language. A survey indicates that they learn Chinese for the main purpose of travelling in China, `engaging in` trade activities and knowing China and the Chinese culture. The `underlying reasons` for this craze lie in the rapid development of China’s economy, which enhances the `international status` and the influence of China. This global Chinese language craze `conveys` a message that people around the world are eager to know the Chinese culture. **
